AMP-126786 mention user and group props sync in data warehouse source setup (#580)
amplitude/amplitude-docs: content/collections/source-catalog/en/snowflake.md

Select from the following strategies, depending on your data type selection. 

| Strategy         | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |
|------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | Full Sync        | Ingests the entire dataset on a defined schedule. This option is useful for datasets that change over time, but can't show which rows are changed.                                                                                                                      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Full Sync        | Ingests the entire dataset on a defined schedule. This option is useful for datasets that change over time, but can't show which rows change.                                                                                                                      |
```

| Timestamp        | Ingests the most recent rows on a schedule, as determined by the Timestamp column.                                                                                                                                                                                      |

> | Append Only Sync | Ingests the most recent rows of data on a schedule, as determined by Snowflake's Change Data Capture feature. All of Amplitude's out-of-the-box enrichment services are supported.                                                                                      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Append Only Sync | Ingests the most recent rows of data on a schedule, as determined by Snowflake's Change Data Capture feature. This method supports all of Amplitude's out-of-the-box enrichment services.                                                                                      |
```
